* _**Huiyu Duan**, Xiongkuo Min, Yi Fang, Lei Fan, Xiaokang Yang, and Guangtao Zhai, “Visual Attention Analysis and Prediction on Human Faces for Children with Autism Spectrum Disorder,” ACM Transactions on Multimedia Computing, Communications, and Applications (TOMM), vol. 15, no. 3s, pp. 90, Oct. 2019._
* **Huiyu Duan**, Guangtao Zhai, Xiongkuo Min, Yucheng Zhu, Yi Fang, and Xiaokang Yang, “Perceptual Quality Assessment of Omnidirectional Images: Subjective Experiment and Objective Model Evaluation,” ZTE COMMUNICATIONS, vol. 17, no. 1, Mar. 2019.
* **Huiyu Duan**, Guangtao Zhai, Xiongkuo Min, Zhaohui Che, Yi Fang, Xiaokang Yang, Jes{\'u}s Guti{\'e}rrez, and Patrick Le Callet, “A Dataset of Eye Movements for the Children with Autism Spectrum Disorder,” in Proceedings of ACM Multimedia Systems Conference (ACM MMSys), 2019.
* **Huiyu Duan**, Guangtao Zhai, Xiongkuo Min, Yi Fang, Zhaohui Che, Xiaokang Yang, and Ning Liu, “Learning to Predict where the Children with ASD Look,” in Proceedings of IEEE International Conference on Image Processing (ICIP), 2018.
* **Huiyu Duan**, Guangtao Zhai, Xiongkuo Min, Yucheng Zhu, Yi Fang, and Xiaokang Yang, “Perceptual quality assessment of omnidirectional images,” in Proceedings of IEEE International Symposium on Circuits and Systems (ISCAS), 2018.
* **Huiyu Duan**, Guangtao Zhai, Xiongkuo Min, Yucheng Zhu, Wei Sun, and Xiaokang Yang, “Assessment of visually induced motion sickness in immersive videos,” in Proceedings of Paciﬁc Rim Conference on Multimedia (PCM), 2017.
* **Huiyu Duan**, Guangtao Zhai, Xiaokang Yang, Duo Li, and Wenhan Zhu, “IVQAD 2017: An immersive video quality assessment database,” in Proceedings of IEEE International Conference on Systems, Signals and Image Processing (IWSSIP), 2017.
